{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 Bartels, Birgit & Benedikt Szmrecsanyi. 2025. Future temporal reference in spoken world Englishes. {\i{}World Englishes} 44(1\uc0\u8211{}2). 78\uc0\u8211{}94. https://doi.org/10.1111/weng.12686.\
La Peruta, Roberta. 2022. Using VADIS to weigh competing epicentral influence. {\i{}World Englishes} 41(3). 400\uc0\u8211{}413. https://doi.org/10.1111/weng.12585.\
Li, Yi, Benedikt Szmrecsanyi & Weiwei Zhang. 2024. Across time, space, and genres: measuring probabilistic grammar distances between varieties of Mandarin. {\i{}Linguistics Vanguard}. De Gruyter 10(1). 427\uc0\u8211{}437.\
Szmrecsanyi, Benedikt & Jason Grafmiller. 2023. {\i{}Comparative variation analysis: Grammatical alternations in world Englishes}. Cambridge University Press.\
Szmrecsanyi, Benedikt, Jason Grafmiller & Laura Rosseel. 2019. Variation-Based Distance and Similarity Modeling: A Case Study in World Englishes. {\i{}Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence} 2. 23. https://doi.org/10.3389/frai.2019.00023.\
Tamaredo, Iv\uc0\u225{}n, Melanie R\uc0\u246{}thlisberger, Jason Grafmiller & Benedikt Heller. 2020. Probabilistic indigenization effects at the lexis\uc0\u8211{}syntax interface. {\i{}English Language & Linguistics}. Cambridge University Press 24(2). 413\uc0\u8211{}440.\
Zhang, Xu & Benedikt Szmrecsanyi. 2024. Variation-Based Distance and Similarity Modeling: A new way of measuring distances between registers. {\i{}Register Studies} 6(1). 31\uc0\u8211{}59. https://doi.org/10.1075/rs.23011.zha.\
}